# Data description file
This repository contains data for our paper Analyzing Attacks on Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control (CACC), accepted at VNC 2017.
It only contains raw simulation output: the source code modifications are in separate repositories, and the data analysis scripts are in the paper repository.

Note that for JammingDetail, we increased the scope of our simulations after an initial round of data analysis, so the run number issued by OMNeT++ is not unique. We did this to include the PLOEG and CONSENSUS controllers into the full analysis (although preliminary analysis with JammingAttack showed they were not affected, we decided to include them, because the different time of attack could have changed this outcome) -- we did not re-run the same simulations with the same parameters, because those simulations are deterministic anyway.

## Graph scripts
The graphs in our paper are based on the data contained in this repository. Copies of the scripts used for data analysis can be found in the `analysis-scripts` folder. We used `inkscape` to create our heatmap (based on the csv files generated by the plot scripts) and to post-process our graphs. The graphs produced by our script plot the delta v and the maximum spacing error separately; a post-processing step was needed to save space. One data point was far outside the normal range; we added an extra label for this data point (see paper).

Post-processing consists of mapping the `max |e| (m)` axis (i.e., the bottom half of a generated graph) to the top half of the graph by mirroring it, reversing the axis and putting the labels on the right side of the graph. We also added a background color to add additional visual distinction (this works because either there is a crash in all scenarios, or there is no crash). We also rotate the x axis labels to make them legible, and add the top labels (the order is hard-coded in the analysis script, but not part of its' output).
